idforge

    Copyright © 2015 CentOS Artwork SIG

    Copying and distribution of this file, with or without
    modification, are permitted in any medium without royalty provided
    the copyright notice and this notice are preserved.

idforge is a framework to manage corporate identity manuals in
community. It gears the work of graphic designers, translators,
programmers and packagers using a modular design and standard
procedures that can be reused by different organizations.

idforge provides a publishing medium for organizations who want to
distribute normative information needed to reproduce their corporate
identity manual. Including the organization's brand, colors, visual
manifestations, and configuration files describing how these
components must be combined to achieve predictable results. For
graphic designers, it provides a tool to reproduce corporate identity
manuals consistently using customized artistic motif and the normative
specifications the organizations have provided.

idforge results useful for communities who need to distribute the
construction, maintenance and implementation of their own corporate
identity manuals. And this way, in community, reducing the work load
needed to renew it.

Documentation
-------------

idforge package comes with the following documentation manuals:

 * idforge(1) - Describes idforge command-line.

 * idforge-modules(5) - Describe the modular design of idforge
   command-line.

See also the INSTALL, for more information about how to install other
related packages.

Website
-------

Recent updates for idforge are published in
<http://wiki.centos.org/ArtWork/Framework>.

Mailing Lists
-------------

Discussion about idforge development and its whole meaning take place
at CentOS Developers mailing list <centos-devel@centos.org>.

Author
------

idforge is written by Alain Reguera Delgado <alain.reguera@gmail.com>

License
-------

idforge is copyright of CentOS Artwork SIG and released as free
software. See the LICENSE file for more information about copying
matters.
